oh my god I never know what side
I'm just going like this penny in my ear
right that's a mess I don't want to get
puffy q my flick in here yo my better
not go bone at the end of this video if
you're not you're not he just hasn't hey
magic his nail just came off Oh
Thunder would they fought him off that's
it l supposed to been gonna fill when
are you gonna fill one by one hmm are
you kidding me because they're morning
that's it they're just coming off I'll
just take him on off and they were so
pretty too no it's not you know you're
crying on the inside oh my gosh it is so
hard wait did you open it big
opening I opened it go boy okay look
yeah better enjoy this black hair for
this last second look at that curly hair
bye-bye black hair at the bleach it's
been good you know your hair looks like
wait wait you know your hair looks like
it looks like this emoji oh I'm an
emoji now because it has the little all
he needs is the little eyes and brown
yeah I'm an emoji now la de mogi all em
wear pink like her don't you guys just
love how much area
it's like a lot imagine if I have my
whole head Oh to break oh my god we got
imagine I like had my whole head of hair
that'll be a lot of here you done beach
oh my God look to think miley cyrus i
came in like a wrecking ball hahahaha
this whole time that i've been recording
i have had my hair like this I look like
overgrown orbit hair that is not hyah
Barbie stupidly was recording yourself
I'm getting ready to take a selfie for
Instagram you look like a Ken doll I do
yeah a candle and Miley Cyrus Oh God